<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [APPLICATION_CONSTANTS][1]
    -   [PATH_DOCUMENT_BASE][2]
    -   [FILE_FORMAT][3]
    -   [FILE_LICENCE_PATH][4]
    -   [FILE_PATH_CATALOG][5]
    -   [FILE_PATH][6]
    -   [FOLDER_PATH_WATCHER][7]
    -   [FOLDER_PATH_TEMP][8]
    -   [FOLDER_LOG][9]
-   [EVENTS_NAMES][10]
-   [FRONT_EVENTS][11]
    -   [EXIT_APPLICATION][12]
    -   [CLOSE_APPLICATION][13]
    -   [UPDATE_DOCUMENT][14]
    -   [REMOVE_DOCUMENT][15]
    -   [DATA_DOCUMENT][16]
    -   [CLOSE_DOCUMENT][17]
    -   [ERROR_OPEN_DOCUMENT][18]
    -   [OK_OPEN_DOCUMENT][19]
    -   [GENERIC][20]
    -   [LICENCE_DOESNT_EXISTS][21]
    -   [LICENCE_WARN_DATE][22]
    -   [LICENCE_EXPIRED][23]
    -   [LICENCE_CORRECT][24]
    -   [CATALOG_DOESNT_EXITS][25]
-   [user32][26]
-   [CATALOG_MESSAGES][27]
-   [send][28]
    -   [Parameters][29]
-   [DocumentsHasMap][30]
    -   [add][31]
        -   [Parameters][32]
    -   [add][33]
        -   [Parameters][34]
    -   [get][35]
        -   [Parameters][36]
    -   [get][37]
        -   [Parameters][38]
    -   [delete][39]
        -   [Parameters][40]
    -   [delete][41]
        -   [Parameters][42]
-   [DocumentsHasMap][43]
    -   [add][44]
        -   [Parameters][45]
    -   [add][46]
        -   [Parameters][47]
    -   [get][48]
        -   [Parameters][49]
    -   [get][50]
        -   [Parameters][51]
    -   [delete][52]
        -   [Parameters][53]
    -   [delete][54]
        -   [Parameters][55]
-   [closeAll][56]
    -   [Parameters][57]
-   [closeAll][58]
    -   [Parameters][59]
-   [deleteFile][60]
    -   [Parameters][61]
-   [deleteFile][62]
    -   [Parameters][63]
-   [createFileAndReturnPath][64]
    -   [Parameters][65]
-   [createFileAndReturnPath][66]
    -   [Parameters][67]
-   [createTemporaryPath][68]
    -   [Parameters][69]
-   [createTemporaryPath][70]
    -   [Parameters][71]
-   [convertFileToArray][72]
    -   [Parameters][73]
-   [convertFileToArray][74]
    -   [Parameters][75]
-   [util][76]
-   [util][77]
-   [\_createFolders][78]
    -   [Parameters][79]
-   [readFile][80]
    -   [Parameters][81]
-   [getFileCurrentStatus][82]
    -   [Parameters][83]
-   [file][84]
-   [index][85]
-   [index][86]
-   [index][87]
-   [addFolderWatcher][88]
    -   [Parameters][89]
-   [createFolders][90]
    -   [Parameters][91]
-   [folder][92]
-   [createProccess][93]
    -   [Parameters][94]
-   [addProcessEvents][95]
    -   [Parameters][96]
-   [addWatcher][97]
    -   [Parameters][98]
-   [errorFn][99]
    -   [Parameters][100]
-   [process][101]
-   [builder][102]
-   [functions][103]
    -   [handShanking][104]
    -   [open][105]
    -   [save][106]
    -   [quit][107]
    -   [checkLicence][108]
-   [functions][109]
    -   [handShanking][110]
    -   [open][111]
    -   [save][112]
    -   [quit][113]
    -   [checkLicence][114]
-   [lookVersion][115]
-   [\_existsLicence][116]
    -   [Parameters][117]
-   [\_convertStringToDate][118]
    -   [Parameters][119]
-   [\_isValid][120]
    -   [Parameters][121]
-   [open][122]
    -   [Parameters][123]
-   [Electron][124]
    -   [bootstrap][125]
-   [Init][126]
-   [FunctionsBuilder][127]
    -   [Parameters][128]
    -   [addFunction][129]
        -   [Parameters][130]
    -   [addEvents][131]
        -   [Parameters][132]
-   [FrontMiddlewareFront][133]
    -   [Parameters][134]
    -   [bootstrap][135]

## APPLICATION_CONSTANTS

Application constants.

### PATH_DOCUMENT_BASE

The path document base where we store the files temporary.

### FILE_FORMAT

Sets the file format which provides the front-end.

### FILE_LICENCE_PATH

Gets the file licence path where we look the time of expiration.

### FILE_PATH_CATALOG

Gets the file where the catalogs are.

### FILE_PATH

Gets the current path file work.

### FOLDER_PATH_WATCHER

Gets the current path work.

### FOLDER_PATH_TEMP

The rom file path folder temp.

### FOLDER_LOG

The log folder.

## EVENTS_NAMES

Events names.

## FRONT_EVENTS

Front events.

### EXIT_APPLICATION

Exit application event.

### CLOSE_APPLICATION

Close application event.

### UPDATE_DOCUMENT

Save document event.

### REMOVE_DOCUMENT

Remove document event.

### DATA_DOCUMENT

Data document event.

### CLOSE_DOCUMENT

Close document event.

### ERROR_OPEN_DOCUMENT

Error to open document event.

### OK_OPEN_DOCUMENT

Correct open document event.

### GENERIC

Back door for generic events.

### LICENCE_DOESNT_EXISTS

This event will be thrown when the file doesn't exists or whatever.

### LICENCE_WARN_DATE

This event will be thrown when the licence has in a warn date.

### LICENCE_EXPIRED

This event will be thrown when the licence has expired.

### LICENCE_CORRECT

This event will be thrown when the licence is valid.

### CATALOG_DOESNT_EXITS

This event will be thrown when we try to open a non-existent catalog.

## user32

Get user32 functions

## CATALOG_MESSAGES

The catalog messages.

## send

Sends a event to Front.

### Parameters

-   `msg` **[String][136]** The event name.
-   `obj` **[Object][137]** The payload.

## DocumentsHasMap

Document has map.

### add

Set item.
Note: if you'll add the same key, it will be override.

#### Parameters

-   `key`  
-   `model` **int** The object key.
-   `process` **int** The process pid.
-   `watcher` **[object][137]** The file watcher.
-   `path` **[string][136]** The file path.
-   `obj` **[object][137]** The model.

### add

Set item.
Note: if you'll add the same key, it will be override.

#### Parameters

-   `key`  
-   `model` **int** The object key.
-   `process` **int** The process pid.
-   `watcher` **[object][137]** The file watcher.
-   `folderWatcher` **[object][137]** The folder watcher.
-   `path` **[string][136]** The file path.
-   `obj` **[object][137]** The model.

### get

Get item.

#### Parameters

-   `key` **Int** 

### get

Get item.

#### Parameters

-   `key` **Int** 

### delete

Delete item.

#### Parameters

-   `key` **Int** 

### delete

Delete item.

#### Parameters

-   `key` **Int** 

## DocumentsHasMap

Document has map.

### add

Set item.
Note: if you'll add the same key, it will be override.

#### Parameters

-   `key`  
-   `model` **int** The object key.
-   `process` **int** The process pid.
-   `watcher` **[object][137]** The file watcher.
-   `path` **[string][136]** The file path.
-   `obj` **[object][137]** The model.

### add

Set item.
Note: if you'll add the same key, it will be override.

#### Parameters

-   `key`  
-   `model` **int** The object key.
-   `process` **int** The process pid.
-   `watcher` **[object][137]** The file watcher.
-   `folderWatcher` **[object][137]** The folder watcher.
-   `path` **[string][136]** The file path.
-   `obj` **[object][137]** The model.

### get

Get item.

#### Parameters

-   `key` **Int** 

### get

Get item.

#### Parameters

-   `key` **Int** 

### delete

Delete item.

#### Parameters

-   `key` **Int** 

### delete

Delete item.

#### Parameters

-   `key` **Int** 

## closeAll

Closes all content of the document.

### Parameters

-   `pid` **int** 

## closeAll

Closes all content of the document.

### Parameters

-   `pid` **int** 

## deleteFile

Deletes file.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[String][136]** The file path.

## deleteFile

Deletes file.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[String][136]** The file path.

## createFileAndReturnPath

Creates a file from the blob and return the temporary path.

### Parameters

-   `arrayBytes` **[Array][138]** The array bytes.
-   `fileId` **Int** The file id.

## createFileAndReturnPath

Creates a file from the blob and return the temporary path.

### Parameters

-   `arrayBytes` **[Array][138]** The array bytes.
-   `destinationFolder` **[String][136]** The folder file.

## createTemporaryPath

Creates a temporary file name.

### Parameters

-   `fileId` **int** The file id.

## createTemporaryPath

Creates a temporary file name.

### Parameters

-   `fileId` **int** The file id.

## convertFileToArray

Converts a file to array bytes.

### Parameters

-   `filePath` **[string][136]** The file path.

## convertFileToArray

Converts a file to array bytes.

### Parameters

-   `filePath` **[string][136]** The file path.

## util

Exports

## util

Exports

## \_createFolders

### Parameters

-   `dir` **[String][136]** The current path to created

## readFile

Reads a file path.

### Parameters

-   `filePath` **[string][136]** The file path.

## getFileCurrentStatus

Gets the current array of bytes.

### Parameters

-   `model` **[Object][137]** The model object has been passed by the front-end.

## file

Exports

## index

Exports

## index

Exports

## index

Exports

## addFolderWatcher

Sets folder watcher.

### Parameters

-   `model`  

## createFolders

### Parameters

-   `dir` **[String][136]** The current path to created

## folder

Exports

## createProccess

Creates the main process to open the application and add the appropriate events.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[String][136]** The file path.
-   `model` **[Object][137]** The object model.

## addProcessEvents

Adds file events.

### Parameters

-   `noteProcess` **[Object][137]** The process object.
-   `model` **[Object][137]** The model object.

## addWatcher

Adds the necessary watchers to launch the events.

### Parameters

-   `path` **[String][136]** The file path.

## errorFn

Error function.

### Parameters

-   `error` **[String][136]** The error message.
-   `stdout` **[Object][137]** The pipe.

## process

Exports

## builder

Adds all messages.

## functions

Constants list &lt;event, function>

### handShanking

First event when the application is instanciated.

### open

Open document event.

### save

Save documente event.

### quit

Quit document event.

### checkLicence

Check the licence event.

## functions

Front Function.

### handShanking

First event when the application is instanciated.

### open

Open document event.

### save

Save documente event.

### quit

Quit document event.

### checkLicence

Check the licence event.

## lookVersion

Looks the current licence version and: the expiration time and warn time. In any case, the method throws the follows events:
FRONT_EVENTS.LICENCE_CORRECT
FRONT_EVENTS.LICENCE_DOESNT_EXISTS
FRONT_EVENTS.LICENCE_WARN_DATE
FRONT_EVENTS.LICENCE_EXPIRED

Please, the definitions are in  FRONT_EVENTS constants.

For the initial configuration uses: 
APPLICATION_CONSTANTS.FILE_LICENCE_PATH

## \_existsLicence

Checks if the licence exists or not. If the file doesn't exist, send a event "LICENCE_DOESNT_EXISTS".

### Parameters

-   `file` **[String][136]** The path file.

Returns **any** (Boolean) Does the file exist?

## \_convertStringToDate

Extract the date through the regex pattern.

### Parameters

-   `content` **[String][136]** The content file.
-   `regex` **[Object][137]** The regex.

Returns **any** The date correctly convert it.

## \_isValid

Checks if the licence has a valid date to executed.

### Parameters

-   `content` **[String][136]** The content file.

Returns **any** (Boolean) Does the licence valid?

## open

Opens .Rom and subscribed all events.

### Parameters

-   `event` **[Object][137]** The event.
-   `model` **[Object][137]** The model object where contains all meta information to open the application.

## Electron

Electron class.

### bootstrap

Function to manually start up Electron Middleware application..

## Init

Electron class init.

## FunctionsBuilder

Functions and events builder.

### Parameters

-   `object`  
-   `ipcRender`  

### addFunction

Add the api functions for the use of the front.

#### Parameters

-   `object` **FMFront** 
-   `ipcRender`  

### addEvents

Add events for the use of the front.

#### Parameters

-   `object` **FMFront** 
-   `ipcRender`  

## FrontMiddlewareFront

Front Middleware class.

### Parameters

-   `ipcRender` **ipcRender** The ipcrender object.

### bootstrap

Function to manually start up Front Middleware application.

[1]: #application_constants

[2]: #path_document_base

[3]: #file_format

[4]: #file_licence_path

[5]: #file_path_catalog

[6]: #file_path

[7]: #folder_path_watcher

[8]: #folder_path_temp

[9]: #folder_log

[10]: #events_names

[11]: #front_events

[12]: #exit_application

[13]: #close_application

[14]: #update_document

[15]: #remove_document

[16]: #data_document

[17]: #close_document

[18]: #error_open_document

[19]: #ok_open_document

[20]: #generic

[21]: #licence_doesnt_exists

[22]: #licence_warn_date

[23]: #licence_expired

[24]: #licence_correct

[25]: #catalog_doesnt_exits

[26]: #user32

[27]: #catalog_messages

[28]: #send

[29]: #parameters

[30]: #documentshasmap

[31]: #add

[32]: #parameters-1

[33]: #add-1

[34]: #parameters-2

[35]: #get

[36]: #parameters-3

[37]: #get-1

[38]: #parameters-4

[39]: #delete

[40]: #parameters-5

[41]: #delete-1

[42]: #parameters-6

[43]: #documentshasmap-1

[44]: #add-2

[45]: #parameters-7

[46]: #add-3

[47]: #parameters-8

[48]: #get-2

[49]: #parameters-9

[50]: #get-3

[51]: #parameters-10

[52]: #delete-2

[53]: #parameters-11

[54]: #delete-3

[55]: #parameters-12

[56]: #closeall

[57]: #parameters-13

[58]: #closeall-1

[59]: #parameters-14

[60]: #deletefile

[61]: #parameters-15

[62]: #deletefile-1

[63]: #parameters-16

[64]: #createfileandreturnpath

[65]: #parameters-17

[66]: #createfileandreturnpath-1

[67]: #parameters-18

[68]: #createtemporarypath

[69]: #parameters-19

[70]: #createtemporarypath-1

[71]: #parameters-20

[72]: #convertfiletoarray

[73]: #parameters-21

[74]: #convertfiletoarray-1

[75]: #parameters-22

[76]: #util

[77]: #util-1

[78]: #_createfolders

[79]: #parameters-23

[80]: #readfile

[81]: #parameters-24

[82]: #getfilecurrentstatus

[83]: #parameters-25

[84]: #file

[85]: #index

[86]: #index-1

[87]: #index-2

[88]: #addfolderwatcher

[89]: #parameters-26

[90]: #createfolders

[91]: #parameters-27

[92]: #folder

[93]: #createproccess

[94]: #parameters-28

[95]: #addprocessevents

[96]: #parameters-29

[97]: #addwatcher

[98]: #parameters-30

[99]: #errorfn

[100]: #parameters-31

[101]: #process

[102]: #builder

[103]: #functions

[104]: #handshanking

[105]: #open

[106]: #save

[107]: #quit

[108]: #checklicence

[109]: #functions-1

[110]: #handshanking-1

[111]: #open-1

[112]: #save-1

[113]: #quit-1

[114]: #checklicence-1

[115]: #lookversion

[116]: #_existslicence

[117]: #parameters-32

[118]: #_convertstringtodate

[119]: #parameters-33

[120]: #_isvalid

[121]: #parameters-34

[122]: #open-2

[123]: #parameters-35

[124]: #electron

[125]: #bootstrap

[126]: #init

[127]: #functionsbuilder

[128]: #parameters-36

[129]: #addfunction

[130]: #parameters-37

[131]: #addevents

[132]: #parameters-38

[133]: #frontmiddlewarefront

[134]: #parameters-39

[135]: #bootstrap-1

[136]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[137]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[138]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array
